Release notes for Oct 14 release (#768)
firebase/extensions: firestore-shorten-urls-bitly/CHANGELOG.md

## Version 0.1.7

> fixed - added secret type to bitly access token configuration (#752)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixed - changed Bitly access token configuration from string type to secret type (#752)
```

> feature - add Taiwan and Singapore Cloud Function Locations (#729)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature - add Taiwan and Singapore Cloud Function locations (#729)
```

> feature - added warsaw (europe-central2) location (#677)

Reviewer: already in v0.1.6
